Add RN Source Context to feature page and wizard (#7217)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/data-management/debug-files/source-context.mdx

</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection supported={["react-native"]}>

> 
> <Note>
> 
> For React Native JavaScript code, follow the instructions in the [Source Maps](/platforms/react-native/sourcemaps/) guide.
> For native Android and iOS code, follow the instructions in the [Debug Symbols](/platforms/react-native/upload-debug/) guide.
> 
> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To get source context for React Native JavaScript code, follow the instructions in the [Source Maps](/platforms/react-native/sourcemaps/) guide.
For native Android and iOS code, follow the instructions in the [Debug Symbols](/platforms/react-native/upload-debug/) guide.
```

Reviewer: I don't think a note makes this more digestible.

Ideally, I think this page should be tweaked to put all SDK-specific references inside `PlatformSection` tags, but that is out of scope for this PR.
